[Music]
well the vast majority of medical
experts insist that vaccines are
generally safe that there is no link
between vaccines and autism and that is
widely accepted but not universally
President Trump has expressed interest
in investigating the matter further
vaccine safety if he does he has at
least one supporter from a prominent
Democratic family Robert F Kennedy jr.
met earlier this year with the president
to discuss the possibility of forming a
commission to investigate the safety of
vaccines we spoke to him about that
topic recently watch so this is such a
taboo subject that I think a lot of
people would hesitate even to bring it
up but I've read a lot that you've
written on it I didn't agree with all of
it but I don't think you're crazy you're
not anti vaccine you say you vaccinate
your own children but you have concerns
tell me first what the reaction is when
you tell people you're skeptical of the
vaccine regimen in the United States
well I guess I'm Pro vaccine I've never
said anything any vaccine but I I read
the science and the the science is very
clear that some of the vaccines and what
you have to understand is that the
vaccine regimen changed dramatically
around 1989 the reason it changed Tucker
is ad Congress drowning and
pharmaceutical industry money it's
something they've never done for any
other industry they get a blanket legal
immunity to all the vaccine companies so
that no matter how sloppy the line
protocols are absent the quality control
no matter how toxic ingredient or
egregious injured your child you cannot
sue them so there's no depositions
there's no discovery there's no
class-action suits all of a sudden
vaccines became enormous a trough from
from that point from 89 when the law
passed 87 it was implemented and then it
was a gold rush by the pharmaceutical
industry to add into the schedule so I
got three vaccines I was like a blind
I'm 63 years old my children got 69
doses of 16 vaccines to be compliant and
a lot of these vaccines aren't even for
communicable you know
ashle communicable diseases like
hepatitis B which comes from unprotected
sex or using sharing needles why do we
give to a child the first day of their
life and it was loaded with mercury and
in writing and we do give that to Joe we
continue to give it on the mercury has
been taken out of three vaccines but in
this country but it remains the flu
vaccine at 48 million flu vaccines and
it's in vaccines all over the world and
it is the most potent toxin known to man
that is a radioactive how can we inject
that into a child if you take that
vaccine vial and break it you have to
dispose of as hazardous waste you have
to evacuate the building
why would we take that substance
injectable so the argument as you know
is that group immunity herd immunity is
what you're searching for and yes there
are downsides but it's important
everybody heard amenity is you know when
they talk about immunity they're talking
about casually contagious diseases like
measles right last month a group of very
prestigious scientists with a robust
study of African children study the DBT
if their pertussis and tetanus vaccine
yeah which is the most widely
distributed vaccine in the world
virtually every hit in Africa gets it
what they found they did a vaccinated
versus not vaccinated study has never
been done and what they found was at the
kids who did not get the VEX
that kids who got the vaccine little
babies were ten times as likely to die
and next two months as the kids who did
not and what they concluded was this
study was funded by the Danish
government and again these people are
very pretty bulletproof scientists they
said effects in is killing or peopleand
if the area tetanus pertussis combined
so we need to do those cost-benefit
analyses on every vaccine so why and
this final question but why has the
point that you're making
that doesn't seem crazy Bensouda credit
discredit it could it be because
a spokesman for that point of view tend
to be actresses from Hollywood who don't
see more actors who don't seem to know
much about the topic and are against all
vaccinations that has you know I think
that cohort is out there but it's very
very small and I think like I'm coltan
evacs all the time because the
pharmaceutical industry is so powerful
both with the media they give I point
four billion dollars a year to the media
and with and so and they've gotten rid
of the lawyers so there's no legal
interest in those cases and they really
have been able to control the debate and
silence people like me and I'm very
grateful to you having the courage allow
me I'm talking to say this is the second
show in ten years has allowed me to talk
about this the other one being Bill
Maher which doesn't take advertising I
just think it's interesting and above
all I think you ought to be allowed to
ask legitimate questions without being
attacked because I think that's the
basis of democracy we ought to be having
a responsible debate and you know it
doesn't scare people right that's real
and it's based on science well I hope
you start one thank you thank you very
much I'm having